GENERAL TODO list in order of priority
Specific TODO's are listed next to the relevant bit of code.

TODO: (HENRY DOES THIS, NEEDS LOTS OF SPACE AND SPARE PARTS!)
Diagnose loss of control experienced at full throttle
I ascended at full throttle while probably applying some pitch and roll demands and suddenly the craft just seemed to loose stability.
It rolled/ pitched upside down a few times, luckily it recovered and I was able to bring it  back safely. 
However, have heard that a backer had a similar problem. 
Possible causes are Yuan's Max throttle stuff, my roll angle prioritisation (less likely as wasn't in the backers code), ROLL/ PITCH SPL (spin limit). Or other!
Have done some test flights and witnessed the loss of control at high throttles, it only does it when applying a high throttle and a large attitude demand, it inverts then enters a continual spin at high throttle
Have added code on line 51 of control.h to try and solve this problem
Rescues craft if error gets too large at high throttles by detecting roll and pitch error getting too large and reducing the throttle.
	TODO: Test to see if this code solves the problem
	Tried this: if (((pitcherror > 0.08) || (pitcherror < -0.08) || (rollerror > 0.08) || (rollerror < -0.08)) && (throttle > 600)) throttle -= 200;
Should really be able to solve with better PID tuning.

TODO: check all integrators for decoupling, and make sure they are locked in this case

TODO: Assess and Improve leveling on take off and leveling in flight
Key areas to investigate are integral gain on takeoff
Accelerometer feedback gain
Accelerometer feedback method - additional filtering needed?
Landing Gear separation seems to play a large part, it causes undesired integral wind-up before the craft is in the air
Landing gear would need switches or be sprung and damped with longish travel

TODO: Measure loop rates instead of just assuming it
The control needs to know how fast they're going, right now we assume the loops are going at their specified rate
however, it would be better to just time instead.  Use one of the hardware timers to get sub-ms resolution.

TODO: Check for some discontinuities in flight
Throttle and attitude blips when flying under GPS
Throttle blips when flying normally

TODO: clean up globals